"love" : "a profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person,a feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child or friend,sexual passion or desire.",
"software" : " the programs used to direct the operation of a computer, as well as documentation giving instructions on how to use them,anything that is not hardware but is used with hardware, especially audiovisual materials, as film, tapes, records, etc.",
"computer" : "a programmable electronic device designed to accept data, perform prescribed mathematical and logical operations at high speed, and display the results of these operations. Mainframes, desktop and laptop computers, tablets, and smartphones are some of the different types of computers.",
"friend" : "a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard. a person who gives assistance, patron, supporter friends of the Boston Symphony. a person who is on good terms with another; a person who is not hostile, a member of the same nation, party, etc.",
"java" : "the main island of Indonesia. 51,032 sq. mi. (132,173 sq. km). Slang for coffee, a brand name for a high-level, object-oriented programming language used primarily to build web-based applications.",
"stock" : "a supply of goods kept on hand for sale to customers by a merchant, distributor, manufacturer, etc. a quantity of something accumulated, as for future use",
"safari" : "a journey or expedition, for hunting, exploration, or investigation, especially in eastern Africa. the hunters, guides, vehicles, equipment, etc., forming such an expedition. any long or adventurous journey or expedition.",
"car" : "an automobile. a vehicle running on rails, as a streetcar or railroad car. the part of an elevator, balloon, modern airship, etc., that carries the passengers, freight, etc.",
"copilot" : "a pilot who is second in command of an aircraft.",
"pilot" : "a person duly qualified to steer ships into or out of a harbor or through certain difficult waters. a person who steers a ship. a person duly qualified to operate an airplane, balloon, or other aircraft.",
"bag" : "a container or receptacle of leather, plastic, cloth, paper, etc., capable of being closed at the mouth; pouch. something resembling or suggesting such a receptacle.",
"wolf" : "any of several large carnivorous mammals of the genus Canis, of the dog family Canidae, especially C. lupus, usually hunting in packs, formerly common throughout the Northern Hemisphere but now chiefly restricted to the more unpopulated parts of its range.",
"aircraft" : "any machine supported for flight in the air by buoyancy or by the dynamic action of air on its surfaces, especially powered airplanes, gliders, and helicopters.",
"phyton" : "the smallest part of a stem, root, or leaf, that, when removed from a plant, may grow into a new plant.",
"buddy" : "comrade or chum (often used as a term of address).",
"smart" : "quick or prompt in action, as persons. having or showing quick intelligence or ready mental capability. shrewd or sharp, as a person in dealing with others or as in business dealings",
"phone" : "a portable electronic telephone device, as a cell phone, mobile phone, or smartphone."